hi everybody today i want to recap in
comedy action movie called free guy hope
you enjoy
free city is an online open world video
game developed by tsunami games
its source code was stolen from an
unreleased game called life itself
developed by walter keys mckee and
millie rusk and used by tsunami's head
developer antoine to create free city
keys has since taken a job at tsunami
while millie spends time within free
city as her avatar molotov girl to find
evidence of code that she and keys had
written in to prove that they are the
rightful owners of the code
[Music]
in the game guy a non-player character
npc works as a bank teller and spends
time with his best friend and co-worker
bank security guard buddy unaware that
his world is a video game
one day he encounters molotov girl who
is singing the song that he says his
dream girl will like and begins to
deviate from his programming
he takes a pair of sunglasses from a
player who tries to rob his bank through
which he sees free city from the
player's head up display
[Applause]
[Music]
guy speaks to millie who initially
thinks he is another player named blue
shirt guy and not an npc
she tells him to level up to above 100
before she will speak to him again
keys and his co-worker mouser believe
guy to be a hacker disguised as an npc
and unsuccessfully attempt to ban him
from the game
rather than leveling up through
destructive acts guy ops to perform good
deeds completing missions within free
city to reach level 102
his virtuous progression which stands
out from those of other players results
in blue shirt guy becoming a worldwide
sensation
millie and guy meet again when she
breaks into the stash another player's
well-protected compound that holds
evidence of her source code
guy helps millie escape the stash
and millie is bewildered when guy wants
to kiss her
keys realizes that guy is truly an npc
and that his self-awareness came about
from artificial intelligence ai code
containing millie's personal preferences
that keys had included in life itself
which in turn had led guy to develop a
romantic interest in millie
in addition guy's subsequent
interactions with other npcs have led
them to develop self-awareness as well
keys decides to help millie retrieve
their code before free city is wiped
from tsunami servers to make way for its
sequel free city 2 in two days
when millie tells guy the truth of his
situation guy breaks off their
relationship telling her that he is in
love with her
however after talking with buddy about
the situation guy realizes that there
was something more than love in their
relationship and gains full sentience
guy breaks into the stash again with
buddy's help where its owner recognizing
guy hands over the evidence
are you blue shirt guy yeah maybe holy
[ __ ] your guy you're you're a blue shirt
guy wait hold on one second gamers
listen up this is revenge buttons here
i'm here with guy the guy he's in my
stash house and he's here to rob me who
are you talking to
it's all here check it out it's pretty
cool actually it's like a whole of the
world
this is it this is the
guy's continued popularity threatens the
launch of free city 2 and antoine orders
keys and mouser to reboot the entire
game but keys refuses and antoine
reboots the game himself
in the game milly finds guy without any
memories of his sentience but recalling
key's advice that guy would need a
reminder she kisses him
[Music]
guy's sentience is restored and he
recalls the location of the island part
of life itself that will not be
protected from the pending data wipe and
which is the only proof of milli and
key's original code
[Music]
antoine then tries to directly eliminate
guy and molotov girl from the game by
raising their wanted level to maximum
but as guy and millie have persuaded the
other npcs in the game that they are
more than their programming they no
longer respond to outside commands and
refuse to interfere
antoine then resorts to directly
manipulating the game topography to kill
guy and molotov girl while keys makes
his own changes to protect and direct
them to the island
broadcasting the effort to all of the
free city players who had been ejected
from the game
antoine fires keys and then sends dude a
muscular unfinished copy of guy
developed for free city 2 into the game
i came to save you
who is this i don't know i mean he's
just like you but way better i wouldn't
touch him if i were you
unable to defeat him in direct combat
guy puts his sunglasses onto dude the
hud distracting the far less mature ai
indefinitely
antoine then enters tsunami's server
room and begins destroying the game's
servers with a fire axe in a last-ditch
attempt to prevent his theft from being
revealed
leading mouser to discover antoine's
crimes and get fired but guy makes it to
the island before he can destroy the
last one an event that is seen by gamers
all over the world
with the theft revealed antoine holds
the remaining server hostage and demands
that millie abandon her lawsuit and
surrender the free city intellectual
property ip along with the profits from
the game
milly believing the real value of the
game is in its programming
enthusiastically agrees the game's
inhabitants are saved
without million keys code free city 2 is
a catastrophic failure at launch antoine
is vilified by the media for his now
exposed crimes and he is arrested for
theft and criminal damage
keys mouser and millie start a
successful new company with the
recovered code to release free life
bringing guy buddy dude and the other
free city nbc's into it
thanks to guy millie realizes that key's
code was in fact a love letter to her
and they embrace and kiss
guy reunites with buddy and they begin
to live their own lives in free life
without having to follow their original
free city coding
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video